hello and welcome to Michaels homes HD
Prince Edward Island's number one source
for high definition real estate video
hello and welcome to Prince Edward
Island's real estate super channel I'm
your host Michael posnick with century
21 Northumberland your high-definition
real estate agent marketing your
properties socially and globally today
I'm quite excited about a new offering
it's forty seventh century Court it's a
bank foreclosure and it's located right
here and Prince Edward Island Canada so
let's go inside and take a look wow what
a great spot it's the left of the frame
as the door I came in through next to it
is a formal dining room er could be used
maybe as a sitting room or a computer to
my far right and the frame is a main
floor bathroom behind the kitchen we've
got a closet at the entranceway stairs
leading up and down and to finish it all
off we've got a fantastic propane
fireplace and lots of windows with the
view of the pool through that door is
the bathroom and this is a rather super
large kitchen it's open concept we've
got room for a computer and an internet
connection for downloading your favorite
recipes now wouldn't that be fun to be
cooking on this super large countertop
looking through the vast multitude of
windows oh tier pool and garden next we
shall Traverse up these stairs and check
out the second floor
upstairs we have four very large
bedrooms we've got one here just to the
right at the top of the staircase we've
got a large bathroom right here that's a
three-piece the master bedroom is down
the hall to the right and even a leather
another large bedroom to the left we're
going to go through the bedrooms
clockwise so this is bedroom number one
which looks though towards the west
so the so the Sun will settle there with
a double closet this is bedroom number
two at the end of the hall on the left
over the garage
most of the bedrooms have their own
individual thermostats bedroom number
three is the master bedroom we have a
view to the east overlooking the pool in
the garden an ensuite bathroom and a
propane fireplace with television hookup
behind me is this rather large walk-in
closet complete with shelving next is
the ensuite bathroom complete with
jacuzzi tub and the stand-up shower if
there's one thing I like to do is spend
all day in a shower like magic we're in
the basement we just came down the
stairs there which are through that
opening to the left face with the
utility room with an air exchanger a
three-piece bathroom and then this fully
ceramic tiled rec room through that door
is a large bedroom or could be an office
the second utility room was put away in
the back corner then I was we've got a
hot water heater we have a fiber-optic
in the neighborhood for a really good
high-speed Internet television and then
we have a high efficiency what looks to
be a high-efficiency propane furnace
thank you for watching my video that
includes my coverage of 47th century
court here in Summerside for weekly
updates new listings and PGI real estate
tips tricks and traps make sure you join
my weekly newsletter at michael's homes
calm and for instantaneous video updates
make sure you subscribe to my youtube
channel
michael's homes HD calm and finally
you're looking for a really enthusiastic
marketing and listing agents go to
myself no matter just calm thank you
have a great day and remember to buy it
right
hi there Michael are your videos you
demand more you demand